most people look into the night sky and
see the darkness of space but past the
Stars and beyond the blackness there is
a corner of the universe that is green
this is Martin the citizens of Marchen
are the guardians of nature their bodies
are like green balls of light the big
drops of green water instead of walking
around they flow or fly through space to
them the earth is a very magical place
they see how the people of Earth are
different each special and unique
one March Union flying through space
passed close to the earth and paused he
could see that something was wrong miles
above the earth he could see a hole in
the sky he flew near to see what it was
suddenly caught by the Earth's gravity
he was pulled through the hole
falling until he landed on the side of a
tall mountain and his body took the
shape of the hole he landed him which
happened to be a deep footprint in the
melting ice
he came out of the hole
out popped his arms the legs stood up
breathed in the cold polluted air his
skin color became darker and darker his
body grew taller and wider but as he
grew he stayed the same shape as the
whole he landed in looking like a foot
ready to walk around on its own